Report

To code from Java to Kotlin has its own challenges, several others being; the familiarity of the syntaxes amid its similarities. However to embark on this project has been specifically interesting due the nature of the assignment that is to making a full functioning application and therefore the details that has to be put in place to make sure the crashes are surpressed to its minimum level (with one common mistake being declaring the name of the components that will later either uncalled yet in the MainActivity(ies) or even a seemingly unseen typo that can in turn shut down the run).It is very interesting to attest the details that a developer has to put through, and from this project it has resonated well with how the development of an application is a massive process of integrating the flow of the logics into the detail of the syntaxes.

In this application, the API that is taken as the base information is the Open Weather API. The idea was to show weather in Celcius degrees both for the current time the information is requested, and also to show its 5 days forecast version, which the app has able to show with the help of Volley libraries. The data that is fetched from the requested JSON files were then dissected into several values; temperature, date and time, and city code. However during the process of requesting the icon png from the Open Weather, neither Picasso, Coil or Glide are able to show it the ImageViewer. The icon was then later generated from other API called weatherapi and the ImageViewer can fetch the icon and pass it into the UI. 

As an extra page, a page that function as rolling the dice is put into the project. The initial idea was to use the shaking algorithm to generate another API (such as Cards against Humanity API) but then the said API was not opened to public anymore. The algorithm of the shaking that is written inside this added page however could function as a potential code to generate the Cards against Humanity feature as extra touch when the said API (the Cards against Humanity) is opened again to the public. 
